[Autogenerated] Now that we have properly configured the
get repository in our eclipse project,
let us other some java content in this project to create
some commits in this git repository.
For that, we are going to create a class so it issues the puppet menu.
New Java class by Cage ordered Pramod That model the name
of the class is going to be user finish.
The class has been properly created.
So now what we need to do before committing it is adding this
class to the index and then a team a Come it,
We can see that this class is in the proper staged
changes off this get staging view.
So let us add a a comet Messager created the use a class commit.
Let us create a fielder in this class.
Private ________ Name saver team Commit later said the
commitment stager under the name filled commit.
This is a second commit for this glass letters,
other some getters and center za the car generate of eclipse.
Is there two helpers saver team commit letters at another commitment.
Saja, add getter and setter for the name field and then one last commit.
So we just created a set off commits in this git repository for this user class with several modifications in each of them